there are continuing concerns about the
preparations for the 2012 European
Championships to be hosted by both
Ukraine and Poland because Ukraine is
behind schedule with its building work
and Poland is ahead we are far
considering the option of rewarding more
games to the polls Matt Ramsey reports
on how the two Eastern European
countries are coping with their plans
for euro 2012 the writing is on the wall
Ukraine may need alien intervention if
it is to be ready in time to fully
co-host you a for 2012 allegations of
inexperienced mismanagement and lack of
government will are being cited as the
cause for slow building of 2012
infrastructure talk of forfeiting some
matches to co-host Poland does not sit
well with the man who all but
single-handedly delivered the tournament
to his country no quiero muchas cosas
assertion Nami knows not even yet
portion first of all all i want to say
is that we don't need to catch up with
poland we are not competitors today we
are a team two countries one application
form this is why we're not competitors
Poland shouldn't be happy that in some
cases we fall behind and we shouldn't be
happy that in other cases Poland falls
behind i can give you tens of examples
where ukraine is clearly ahead of poland
but i don't think it is necessary to
talk about that today you know it was a
young a pity very bourgeois the
interesting was no bottom Sweden good it
Yuri pavlenko is the Ukrainian Minister
for sport problem and all the
terminology product in the immersion
this is the first experience of such an
event for Ukraine problem and of course
we do have problems at every stage but
she was 30 but I want to assure you that
we're coping with these public
subversion of those symptoms everybody
involved in the process is interested in
its good results the more which
H is prophesying or even evocative you
wife a general secretary David Taylor
led a delegation to Ukrainian februari a
positive assessment was his official
comment but behind the scenes there is
strong talk of schedules and deadlines
being missed or put more dance the
jitterbug other salon where those went
30 of course if finishing with a visit
from David Taylor of UEFA showed that
Ukraine is moving forward but very
slowly unless initially and even you
know the reason for this is a lack of
will in the government they were
together we fought because of the
Ukraine also suffers from inexperience
and weak management product a hot dog is
there we are a country that cannot make
fast and effective decisions provide the
warrior for exiting up-tempo provision
yeah the tournament development plan
calls for new roads between
participating cities most of which are
yet to be started there is currently no
law that allows the government to
compulsory purchase land in Ukraine
making the building of roads almost
impossible the railways have changed
little since Soviet times they need an
overhaul and the airport even here in
the capital Kiev is woefully inadequate
UEFA also requires 16 permanent training
camps for the teams like this one in
Crimea the sports minister says these
are top of his to-do list
misunderstandings edition of the
solitude of a programmable dokey we have
a specific program and timelines to
prepare for euro 2012 of boredom or
obesity as a diversion into the
geographic first of all is about
creating sports facilities and training
bases virtual room la bronca be door
door key secondly we must produce hotel
infrastructure an item the Sun and
finally airport transport systems
railway stations and bus stations work
has begun on the Olympic Stadium in Kiev
the project was bogged down in contract
negotiations over land but the sports
ministry say that issue is now fully
resolved is an artistic impression of
the final construction completion date
well on paper
10 the stadium in levive near the Polish
border remains just a hole in the ground
but this one in denair Papa trusk in the
east near the Russian border is already
finished privately owned by just one man
it was started and completed in 12
months proof that it can be done speak
of Ukraine for long enough and the word
corruption will get a mention but the
most efficient animal abuse me yeah
bring guests over a lot of international
investment does not usually come to
Ukraine partly because Ukraine has a big
problem with corruption the only way we
can know where you a for 2012 money goes
is to keep count of what is being spent
this is not being done it's been good in
with the duplicitous book if we're
talking about budget funds the
government has enough controlling bodies
including law enforcement bodies for
example 200 million euros will go to the
construction of the Olympic Stadium even
if somebody plans to use some corrupt
practices they will get nothing but a
rap on the knuckles so they would be
foolish to try this is independent
square the site of the orange revolution
in 2003 in twenty twelve people will
congregate here again and set up home as
it becomes Ukraine's largest fan park
that is of course if Ukraine hangs on to
the event the view from the square is
not optimistic but the most available
via mobile infrastructure off the main
problem is infrastructure Ukraine is not
prepared for that kind of an event nice
it blew all of us in regards to the boys
I'm not sure if it's going to work here
because we have a big transport problem
well problem more working it won't
take place here because we're not ready
for it your horse bridle UEFA president
Michel Platini will have the final say
as to how many Ukrainian cities if any
get euro2012 matches he arrives in April
if the tournament infrastructure funds
are miss spent or worse misappropriated
the perpetrators of such a crime against
the people of their nation can expect we
met by unhappy gossips in the afterlife
Matt Ramsey al-jazeera Kiev